hi my measurements on my channel again
must be good this time bester 2
since I'm going to talk about our
another draw or raffle in these pressures
of the toy that I love so much that
my daughter loves it a lot too and in
actually it takes me a long time not
he has it and he had to do this
true video now I would like
show them this product from admás
designs she is dedicated to making toys
with fabric
and toys with cloth and this time the
toy that my daughter received was this
love
this sachet that comes like this event of
this bag comes a tea set that
It's all made of fabric I love this
in these toys are designed me what
Prestas are designed for your development
your knowledge
if you love me your development your knowledge
for the owner he added his learning and not
you hurt you do not hurt yourself at all
loans
they do not hurt themselves at all they are not
plastic and play and play with dolls
receive toys is super happy I'm not going
to leave the photos
and they gave this super excited when
he receives it and played and played for days
days for days with him and then at the beginning
it comes like this it's a little bag in this case it 's
this little bag
this divine action when they do not like and
What I see in this bag is a new
dt as I tell you all made of fabrics and
it does not use everything nothing more some little things
but as for example it comes with this
third in with a cap also and its
teapot
comes with
this appointment yes already plays yes since
serving that is cooking that is
playing according to her comes with for example
go out cloth landmarks to all of cloth well
cute
little plates also come here more houses
in napkins spoons
a piece of bread supposedly not from
payment or something like that and the truth is that the
cdc has fun had fun with this
so much both he went and until the
date is one of your favorite teeth you
I love that I feel like playing with her
He says he gives you water that he gives me
this milk and play with me all the
weather
now the bag becomes a tablecloth and its
tablecloth so it becomes as well as if
outside a pine
in the park, not like that, he already puts it in
the floor and with it all things are
have a lot of fun and do not know how I love it
now my daughter so much fun had in
the stories at the beginning so this
I love it I love it
Well, the store is online as you know
Well, if you like your toys, not only
they have toys for children for children
they also have toys for children
so this time I'm going to do
a raffle with this same raffle for
my children know internationally already
that many people have complained about
that the things that I do not do
and I do not know how much things because if you go to
internationally I was asked to
people from the USA do not participate but
that's not a little unfair, let's not leave
what luck
of him the prize to the winner in this
occasion the rules are the same as
they are always basic they are going to do
subscriber of this channel of my second
channel is from my main channel
If you have a child, do not worry
participate because they also have toys
for children so do not worry
you can participate
this destroyer give you favorites to
this video m
if you like to know and embroider this video to
leave a comment
what is to participate on this occasion, not what
I'm going to ask because sometimes I tell them
If they are international, tell me where I am
they write because it calls me the
attention to know where they look at me but
how things have been invented there that
I rely on the comment that for
do not win someone ok do not tell me where
they live that I know that people do not know what
it happens to him but good that they do not tell me where
they write me nothing more and I want
participate go to the website of
also designs and tell me which one
toy the two shots and why and this one
give your machine like facebook
weapons designs inscribe them in a
comment there on your facebook
on your page on your wall tell them that I
send them at this time
and it's all the truth as the
international subscribers be
subscriber of favorite likes to like
to your facebook page leave them a
comment there and from website and from
signatures in the same comment that
they want to participate which product which
Toy liked it more
look very happy
s
so yes
that's it with respect to these draws
in the children do not worry he participated
because they also have toys for
kids ok so I send a huge kiss
they all participate from all sides of the
world does not matter where they are because the
toy will be sent to you that God will
bless much we see it there